[Music]
skin whitening treatments get
fair-skinned naturally you can easily
cover all your imperfections if your
skin is white this saying is famous all
over Asia and exists in many variations
but the idea is always the same the most
beautiful person who has ever lived is
probably snow-white you must have seen
those who hide under umbrellas on a
sunny and even not very sunny day put on
wide brimmed hats and scarves you might
think they took the danger of skin
cancer too close to heart but the issue
is a bit bigger these people carry an
uncomfortable heavy umbrella just to
protect themselves from being sun kissed
also skin whitening treatments you can
find on the shelf in the nearest store
or the pharmacy are most likely
expensive and in some cases even
dangerous for your health
[Music]
so why not use the recipes we have for
you
they have several very pleasant
advantages you can prepare them at home
all the ingredients you either have in
your kitchen or can easily get in the
supermarket they are simple healthy and
exceptionally simple to make recipe
number one and the first product you
will need to have in your fridge at any
time is plain natural yoghurt it's a
product made from milk so you probably
know that it contains many ingredients
that have a very positive effect on the
skin but what is more important for us
is its composition includes lactic acid
and this asset has also very needed
bleaching properties there are several
variations of using yogurt as a skin
whitening mask plain yogurt take a
sufficient amount of this product and
rub it gently better in circular
movements onto the skin
let it stay this way for a couple of
minutes after you can rinse it off with
tepid water try to do it once a day for
the duration of 2 or 3 weeks
and you will be pleasantly surprised
with a noticeable lightening of your
skin plain yogurt with honey another way
to whiten skin might be a bit too tasty
to prepare the mask take one teaspoon of
honey and 1 teaspoon of yogurt and mix
the ingredients after applying the
concoction on your neck and face leave
it on for about 15 minutes
try not to lick it off yeah it's too
delicious but still do your best if you
do it regularly like every day this
recipe will help you to improve the tone
of your skin and complexion plain yogurt
oatmeal and lemon juice lemons are very
acidic this makes them a perfect
bleaching agent a big plus is in the
fact that this bleach is natural and can
be used to whiten the skin so mix it
with yogurt and see what happens all you
need to prepare such a mask is to mix a
little lemon juice yogurt and a bit of
oatmeal and spread it over your face
keep this mask on for 15 to 20 minutes
it will also moisturize and nourish your
skin recipe number two hopefully you
don't have an allergy to citrus as the
next way to brighten your skin is an
orange isn't that a nice surprise
vitamin C which the fruit is so rich in
is one of the most important ingredients
to keep the skin healthy one more orange
benefit is the bleaching properties that
can make your skin white even drinking
freshly squeezed orange juice daily you
will notice some serious positive
changes in the texture of your skin and
to make it wider follow the next
recommendations orange juice and tumeric
take a pinch of turmeric it should be
powdered otherwise you might experience
certain difficulties mix it with fresh
orange juice two tablespoons will be
enough
does it look too orange to your liking
don't worry
trust us it does help before going to
bed spread this concoction over your
face like a facial mask you can also put
it on your legs and hands keep it on for
about half an hour then wash it off
every day use of this mask does wonders
orange peel and plain yogurt when you
eat an orange don't throw away its peel
it can be used in so many different ways
dry orange peels and grind them into
powder take 1 tablespoon of plain yogurt
and add 1 tablespoon of this powder mix
it until you get a nice homogeneous
paste leave this paste on the skin for
about 20 minutes then wash it off even
if you have some dark spots on your face
they will start to fade away do such a
mask no more than two times a week
recipe number three one of the most
effective products for whitening the
skin is the already mentioned lemon as
we have said it is a natural bleach
super effective for lightening your skin
tone
what is more lemons abundance and
vitamin C results in the growth of new
cells and the antioxidants it contains
are very likely to make the complexion
lighter and smoother freshly squeezed
lemon juice apply the lemon juice to
your face using a cotton ball if your
skin is sensitive it makes sense to
dilute the juice with some water keep it
on for no more than an hour then rinse
it off thoroughly with water if you do
it daily your complexion will become
significantly lighter
lemon juice and turmeric powder take two
tablespoons of lemon juice and mix it
with a teaspoon of powdered tumeric once
again don't let the brightness of the
concoction scare you away leave the
resulting paste on your face for
approximately thirty minutes then rinse
it off it works more effectively if you
do it every day
lemon juice honey and powdered milk
another way to make lemons work for you
is to mix one teaspoon of lemon juice
one teaspoon of honey and one teaspoon
of powdered milk apply the mask to the
skin and let it stay there for no more
than twenty minutes then wash it off you
should do it every day or every other
day important if you have any open
wounds or injuries on your skin don't
use this recipe lemons are so acidic
that if they're juice gets into an open
wound it will cause significant pain if
you are allergic to citrus don't try
these recipes out as well recipe number
four
[Music]
answer one question honestly please do
you want to whiten your skin yes then
remember just two words gram flour it is
one of the best ways to achieve your
goal this flower has been long known as
a homemade beauty product that is used
to brighten and whiten the skin serving
as an exfoliant as well in its
composition you can also find different
nutrients which help the skin to stay
healthy it moisturizes your face at the
same time removing excess oil doesn't it
sound like a miracle to use this method
add a bit of water to some gram flour
you need to get a thick paste spread it
over your hands legs and face and leave
it to dry after you look like a
gingerbread man wash the paste off with
water we have shared the most effective
skin whitening treatments have you tried
any of them do you know any other
methods to lighten the skin write in the
comments below the video share it with
your friends whose dream is to compete
with a legendary snow-white click
subscribe to stay with us on the bright
side